{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 OpenSymbol{\*\falt Arial Unicode MS};}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f5\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Mangal;}{\f6\fnil\fprq0\fcharset0 Mangal;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\*\cs15\snext15 Footnote Characters;}
{\*\cs16\snext16{\*\updnprop5801}\up10 Footnote anchor;}
{\*\cs17\snext17\hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 Bullets;}
{\*\cs18\snext18\cf2\ul\ulc0\langfe255\lang255\lang255 Internet Link;}
{\*\cs19\snext19 Numbering Symbols;}
{\*\cs20\snext20{\*\updnprop5801}\up10 Endnote anchor;}
{\*\cs21\snext21 Endnote Characters;}
{\s22\sbasedon0\snext23\sb240\sa120\keepn\hich\af4\dbch\af5\afs28\loch\f2\fs28 Heading;}
{\s23\sbasedon0\snext23\sb0\sa120 Text body;}
{\s24\sbasedon23\snext24\sb0\sa120\dbch\af6 List;}
{\s25\sbasedon0\snext25\sb120\sa120\noline\i\dbch\af6\afs24\ai\fs24 Caption;}
{\s26\sbasedon0\snext26\noline\dbch\af6 Index;}
{\s27\sbasedon0\snext27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20 Footnote;}
}{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f8\dbch\af3\fi-283\li707}
{\listlevel\levelnfc23\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'01\u8226 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f8\dbch\af3\fi-283\li1414}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li2121}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li2828}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li3535}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li4242}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li4949}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li5656}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-283\li6363}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-432\li432}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-576\li576}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-720\li720}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-864\li864}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1008\li1008}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1152\li1152}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1296\li1296}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1440\li1440}
{\listlevel\levelnfc0\leveljc0\levelstartat1\levelfollow0{\leveltext \'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-1584\li1584}\listid2}
}{\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}{\info{\creatim\yr2014\mo4\dy8\hr11\min21}{\revtim\yr2014\mo4\dy9\hr12\min29}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice.org}{\vern3410}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}}
\formshade\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\qc{\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
All the code included in this set of files is an original work by Canek Acosta. Copyright 2014.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\qc{\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\qc{\ul\ulc0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Data Collection Procedure}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\qc{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
}
\par \sl100\slmult0\ql\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab For the purposes of replicability, the data collection code is hereby licensed indefinitely to the MSU College of Law's IP department and its students. We hope that it can lead to future research, publications, and other academic applications that will prove the relevance, and surprising ease, with which data can be collected and studied in the field of patent law. If one wishes to follow along, the code will require the installation of Python and gsutil to execute. }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
The instructions for setting up one's computer for the programs to execute succesfully can be found on Google's webpage.}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\i0\ai0\i0\afs20\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab https://developers.google.com/storage/docs/gsutil?csw=1}
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Note that to use gsutil, you must have Python 2.6.x or 2.7.x installed on your computer; gsutil does not currently run on Python 3.x. Furthermore, the directories used in the sample code must be rewritten to match the desired directories of the user. I recommend the use of Notepad++ for editing code that isn't being edited in a programming environment.}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab http://notepad-plus-plus.org/}
\par }}
}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab Google has accumulated a large amount of the USPTO's public PAIR data, the very same data that was used in our first experiment. In this experiment, the data was of the same type as our earlier experiment, but collected with a different procedure. In order to increase our sample size, and to draw from a larger variety of patents, a program was written to randomly select patent applications from within the ranges that Google claims to have collected in its database. }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
See}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 SampleGenerator.py. Due to the nature of Google's database, which only includes certain ranges of patent applications, 13 random patents were chosen in each of the 80 ranges made available by Google resulting in a possibility of up to 1040 patent applications in your sample.  As discussed later, if a user wishes to increase the sample size, one can simply increase the number of random patents chosen in each range.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch
 }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab This program uses Python to generate a script that can be executed in Windows that will then download to a chosen directory the PAIR data for the randomly selected patent applications that can be found in Google's collection. }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
See}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 SampleDownloader.bash. Note that not every patent application }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
sought by the script will be found. Google does not have all the patent applications in a particular }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
range. The program will simply move on and do its best given the random applications generated. Of the 1040 patent applications we sought, we were able to acquire 790. You may want to consider this hit-rate in increasing your original size sought to produce a larger sample. If one wishes to study the same sample that we generated, simply execute the SampleDownloader.bash file having modified the directory the files will be downloaded to.}
\par \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0{\listtext\pard\plain \hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 \'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain \hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 \'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain \hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 \'95\tab}\ilvl1\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx1414\li1414\ri0\lin1414\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain  1.\tab}\ilvl2\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx2121\li2121\ri0\lin2121\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain  2.\tab}\ilvl2\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx2121\li2121\ri0\lin2121\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain \hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 \'95\tab}\ilvl1\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx1414\li1414\ri0\lin1414\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain \hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 \'95\tab}\ilvl1\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx1414\li1414\ri0\lin1414\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0{\listtext\pard\plain \hich\af3\dbch\af3\loch\f3 \'95\tab}\ilvl0\ls1 \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi-283\tx707\li707\ri0\lin707\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa120\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab The data is downloaded in .zip files containing the PAIR data for each application.}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
Each zip file contains the following:}
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab A README.txt file which indicates when the data was obtained. }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab Data files (*.tsv), in tab-delimited text format, compatible with many spreadsheet programs. Each data file represents one tab from the PAIR interface: Address and Attorney/Agent, Application Data, Continuity Data, Foreign Priority, Image File Wrapper, Patent Term Adjustments / Extension History, Transaction History. }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab Data tables from the PAIR interface are organized in one of two ways: }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab Labels in the first column. (Example: \'93Application Data\'94 tab.) The second column contains the corresponding value (example: \'93Application number\'94 and \'9312/102,391\'94). }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab Labels in the first row. (Example: \'93Transaction History\'94 tab, with labels such as \'93Date\'94 and \'93Transaction Description\'94.) Each subsequent row contains the corresponding values for one data item. (In the example, each row represents a single transaction.) }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab Some *.tsv files contain more than one table, separated by a blank line. }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab The \'93Image File Wrapper\'94 data file is put in a separate directory along with the additional content that it links to. An extra \'93Filename\'94 column is added to the *.tsv file to indicate the appropriate file for each item. }
\par \pard\plain \s23\sb0\sa120{\afs20\rtlch \ltrch\loch\fs20
\tab Image files (*.pdf), in Adobe PDF format. This data is only available for patent applications which have an "Image File Wrapper" tab on the USPTO PAIR site. }
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 An }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
application such as WinRAR can be used to extract all the files into the very same directory, and configured to delete the .zip file after a succesful extraction. This will save some space as the .zip files will no longer be necessary. While this data is semi-structured in this form, it needs some further processing before it can be used to make any meaningful conclusions using the variety of quantitative methods available for free on various open-source platforms.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\qc{\i0\ul\ulc0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Data Structuring Procedure}
\par \li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\li0\ri0\lin0\rin0\fi0\pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab Using the open-source programming language, R, and its corresponding platform, RStudio, each patent application's PAIR data was parsed for much of the same information that we looked for in our first experiment.}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 Some of the variables were omitted since they were found to not be statistically significant in our first experiment. Namely, application length, number of drawings, and other such superficial characteristics will not be considered in this study.}
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
See }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
InformationExtractionScript.R. The program first sets a working directory. }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
For those following along, this should be modified to reflectthe directory in which you have }{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
downloaded and extracted the patent application PAIR data. The program will determine for patent applications with a transaction history its filing date,}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab The first date available in the transaction history.}
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 its status,}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab Whether it has been allowed, abandoned, or neither. When neither, it is deemed "Unknown or Pending."}
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 its allowance date (if allowed),}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab The latest date in which the USPTO mailed a Notice of Allowance.}
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 its prosecutionLength (if allowed),}{{\super \chftn{\*\footnote \chftn\pard\plain \s27\li283\ri0\lin283\rin0\fi-283\sb0\sa0\noline\afs20\fs20{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab The difference in days between filingDate and allowanceDate.}
\par }}
}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
 its number of rejections, its number of Requests for Continued Examinations ("RCE"), its number of examiner interviews, whether it is a continuity application, and whether it relates back to a foreign application.}
\par \pard\plain \s0\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\aspalpha\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af7\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033\sl480\slmult1\ql{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
\tab Once executed in RStudio, the code will have created a data frame, }{\i\ai\rtlch \ltrch\loch
df}{\i0\ai0\rtlch \ltrch\loch
, that can be studied using various quantitative methods available in R. We recommend that any quantitative methods be executed only on patent applications for which a transaction history was found (tranhistory == 1). Since the script goes through every file in which the patents have been saved, this will also eliminate accidentally including non-patent data. You may also want to save the data frame and delete the underlying semi-structured PAIR data for it occupies a large amount of hard drive space. However, if you wish to modify the information extraction script, you must retain the PAIR data to re-run the analysis that produces the data frame.}
\par }